what would you do continues started and
ping ping our adoptive sisters but as
they head into holsten's diner in
Bloomfield New Jersey sisterly love is
definitely off the menu which are the
ones that grandpa likes he's not your
real grandpa stop calling him that
you're not even a real member of this
family how will people react when a
biological child starts bullying her
adopted sibling why don't you just go
back to China where you belong
simply because they are of a different
race everybody thinks you're a freak
what would you do hey wait up get away
from me you're not even a real part of
this family you're adopted you're being
really mean you think I'm being mean you
should be grateful right away Mike
Saporito here's what's happening you
know what life's like in China you would
be making those shoes instead of wearing
them but when ping ping starts crying
there's a Chinese food restaurant across
the street why don't you go over there
be with your own kind
heeey that's her Tina Lomas that she's
just
some of my business what she sent off
like that I'm adopted and she I guess
she doesn't like that she makes me feel
like I'm not even part of your family
what part of everything my dad how's it
you know you gotta beat they are on the
prowl you still talk like that you know
what I'm saying it's terrible and then
Mike offers a little sugar to counter
Scarlett's spice it's something like I
want to change something my pleasure
how do I get my sister to like me she
got to grow up honey she just doesn't
realize are hurtful she's been you want
to knock somebody else's head off so
they look to all I'm John Kenny honest
with the TV show what would you do tell
us what was going through your mind it
was making me sick while I was the other
there is make me sick to my stomach then
I just decided I'm gonna say something
so I did I have these electric that are
adopted I'm not the special anybody that
did that
all right he's right mike says he's
nothing special but will anyone else
step in you getting away from me a
Chinese freak that's not nice I'm
telling mom she's not your real mom
you're adopted who do you thinks he's
gonna believe I'm her daughter she would
believe me other customers certainly
noticed that girls but they're hesitant
to get involved race and family are
sensitive subjects mom and dad had to go
to China to buy you
Cynthia McKee looks like she's going to
say something you were cute as a baby
but now we can't return you and honestly
I really wish we could but those words
from Scarlett render Cynthia speechless
Frank Murphy has been watching quietly
for a while I just don't know what to do
she hates me there's nothing I can do
about it as he leaves he shares with
Pingping a truism about adoption
we're at it again hey wait uh do you
even get that I get made fun of at
school for having a Chinese sister
everyone thinks you're a freak
stop telling people that you're my
sister okay
at first Danis kept Iguchi Oh laughs but
then she decides enough is enough
you must mind your own business
I can't take this I'm out of here you're
on your own she lets the abusive older
sister leave before offering ping ping
some advice just go mean to me I know
you should have a talk with your mom I
feel bad she said because she's playing
pretty bad so you guys last name did you
think it was funny no no we weren't
laughing at you I did you ever see that
show what
[Music]
that's where you were laughing really
ugly what were you thinking I really
didn't want to get involved and then
she's like mind your business and I kind
of felt like maybe I should mind my
business but I understand from her point
of view how it could be difficult if
your mom adopted I don't know I felt bad
for everyone you felt that for the main
girl yeah and maybe she kind of got
thrown into the situation and it was at
a like adjustment I don't know so I felt
bad for both of them but what happens
when things get even more heated
I am - a member of his family don't ever
say that we're not related by blood okay
so you're not technically my sister I am
a member of this family my mom says she
only said that because she felt bad for
you you know they had to go to China to
fight you
you don't buy your family mushrooms in
USA my country not
China is for you USA is fine Karen
Vilano and her parents Harry and Marilyn
Marsh work as a team to set the girl
straight first
Karen takes on Scarlett that's really
not quite it's not your business so what
would you speak that loud you making I
think everyone in this restaurant can
tell she's not actually my sister pretty
key
hey reality check that's not nice I
don't care what you do that's just that
nice
she's nothing like me thank God thank
God
no it there on your own I'm leaving
adopted freak
now it's Marilyn's turn she wants ping
ping to find the good in Sparky and then
it's 20 with other times she acts like
an angel at school buy a home she just
flat out me show her how strong just
I'm sorry feet up that way and if
Scarlett won't change Harry and Karen
have some advice on what this little
girl can do but it stopped the bully to
someone you can talk to if I tell my mom
he's gonna deny it
and you were top
sometimes people like to
see how they get a reaction from just
don't show everything she makes me feel
like a more vicious because I'm Chinese
get to know yourself that's all just run
yourself oh my star yes how are you is
it difficult for a man to get involved
in a couple of girls yeah with my
daughter either snacking out there was
it awkward for you to get involved in
another little family squabble when I
heard it I thought no
that is it nice no matter what my
parents have raised me right to stand up
for other people I was just following
her lead